# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 594ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 594ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 563ms
  write-metadata-json-to-file 24ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 595ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 377ms
  generate-extra-metadata-files 43ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 424ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 344ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 344ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 31ms]
  create-invalidation-state 391ms
  write-metadata-json-to-file 15ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 437ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 411ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 417ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 439ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 447ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 479ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 489ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 453ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 460ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 776ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 786ms

