# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 390ms
  [gap of 16ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 406ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 397ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 403ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 740ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 745ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 297ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 297ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 447ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 454ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 390ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 397ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 510ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 517ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 525ms
  generate-prefab-packages
    exec-prefab 741ms
    [gap of 13ms]
  generate-prefab-packages completed in 754ms
  execute-generate-process
    exec-configure 352ms
    [gap of 220ms]
  execute-generate-process completed in 574ms
  generate-extra-metadata-files 12ms
  [gap of 95ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 2403ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 358ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 362ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 372ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 377ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 455ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 465ms

